{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Client,\
\
Hope everything is fine at your end. \
\
Thank you for providing us the three datasets from Sprocket Central Pty Ltd. We have identified some data quality issues in the datasets . I have listed them below suggesting possible strategy to mitigate them for better results.\
\
1. Product_id is not unique. For example, products with ids 60 and 64, 54 and 15, 68 and 87 seem to be the same. There could be others, but these have come to my notice. If unique, it can be used to identify best selling and high margin products with ease. \
\
2. The standard_cost provided seems to be rationally incorrect. Items seem to have margins ranging from 1000-8000 %, for bicycles,  which is highly improbable in real life.  Our results may be skewed if  data column aren\'92t accurate. I would like the client to check if the  values are valid and current.\
\
3. There are various columns with empty values. Also, customer id in transaction data sheet and in customer demographics don\'92t match. This leads to lots to missing values and therefore reduces quality of our training data. \
\
4. I\'92d like data description regarding the columns to understand it better. For example, what do the product_class  and product_size variables mean? How are they calculated or categorised? I couldn\'92t find consistency in the records.  In consumer demographic, what does tenure mean? Period the customer owns his house? Maybe more information could help.\
\
5.  What the column \'91default\'92 trying to convey? The data doesn\'92t seem relevant or consistent. Similarly, there are inconsistent values for the same attribute within the data columns such as gender, state, etc\
\
6.  The DOB of customer ID 34 is incorrect. His age calculates to be 176 years and the deceased indicator states N for the entry. I\'92d like the client to re-check the accuracy of the column. \
\
Following, the team with continue to do data cleaning, feature transformation and scaling for the purpose of model building. We will raise more queries along the way to ensure that the team\'92s assumptions align with that of Sprocket\'92s for efficient analysis.\
\
Thank you for you time and help.\
\
Warm Regards,\
KPMG Virtual Intern}